♪ MTV ♪
♪ Oh, say, little dogies ♪
♪ "Night Herding Song"
by Colter Wall ♪
♪ Why don't you lay down? ♪
♪ You've wandered and trampled ♪
♪ All over the ground ♪
♪ Lay down, little dogies ♪
♪ Lay down ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ My horse is leg-weary ♪
♪ And I'm awful tired ♪
Morning, Gator.
♪ But if I let you get away ♪
Beautiful morning, Gator.
♪ I'm sure to get fired ♪
♪ Bunch up ♪
♪ Little dogies ♪
Where's Teeter?
Haven't seen her.
Teeter?
Teeter.
What's wrong?
Rattlesnake.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
Ryan, get your ass over here!
Shit. Hold it on the ground.
Stomp on its head, will you?
That was in your teepee?
In my bedroll,
on my fucking chest.
You are one lucky cowpuncher.
So, when they talk
about sleeping with serpents
in the Bible,
hell does that mean?
It means
that you left your flap open
and you weren't
under your canvas.
This ain't Montana,
and you can't fucking sleep
under the stars out here.
You need to zip
your teepee tight, you got me?
Yes, sir.
Damn it.
Here, put that in your hatband
and tell everyone
how you cheated fate.
You might've used up
all your luck
- on that one, Teeter.
- Fuck, I hope not.
- We just got here.
- All right,
you need to go back in there and
make sure there ain't any more.
You think there's more?
These things seek heat,
and you left
the front door open.
You're goddamn right
I think there could be more.
Now go on and get in there.
♪ low, ominous music ♪
Fuck! There's another one!
Guess what.
Here's another.
Damn, boys.
We're camped on a den.
Gator, get your ass over here.
You see that?
Want me to cook that thing up?
No, I don't want you
to cook it up.
They're pretty good
if you fry 'em.
Jake, get those, will you?
Shit.
Son of a bitch.
It's an old prairie dog town.
You camped us
on a fucking snake den.
This time of year, they den up.
We'll wait for the sun to rise,
and then we'll break camp.
You just watch
where you're walking.
They're fucking everywhere.
I'm staying right fucking here
till morning.
Y'all can call me
whatever you want.
I ain't gonna call you
nothing but smart.
Had dumber ideas.
Jesus! Is that another one?!
I swear, fellas,
these things are real good
once you fry 'em up.
Tastes like alligator.
That's another thing
that I don't want to see!
Or eat!
♪ tense music ♪
Fuck.
♪ theme music ♪
♪ I'm like a locomotive ♪
♪ I don't run out of steam ♪
♪ I'm headed
toward the reservoir ♪
♪ And I'm gonna need a drink ♪
♪ I ain't no Napa Valley ♪
♪ New York City seems okay... ♪
Great.
♪ And there's whiskey
in my veins ♪
♪ I'm sweet tea
sipping on a front porch ♪
♪ Sitting while my hubby
fries chicken... ♪
Hmm, now, that's
what I call cleavage.
And hiked up the skirt.
Oh, you are giving it to me
with both barrels.
Any weapons in the vehicle?
Besides the two
poking out of your dress?
No weapons.
Sure you know why I stopped you?
Yeah.
Where you headed
in such a hurry?
I'm gonna go see my husband.
- And where's he?
- Can I look at my phone?
You don't know the town
where your husband is?
He's not in a town.
He's at a ranch.
What ranch?
Um...
Four Sixes.
Really?
- Yeah, you heard of it?
- This is Texas.
Kids study it in school.
Huh.
Tough to buy one of these
on a cowboy's salary.
Yeah, well,
I do the breadwinning.
Yeah.
You have that look about you.
Just 'cause there aren't
a lot of cars on the road
doesn't mean there ain't
other things on the road.
You hit a cow going 100,
this is coming apart.
You with it.
Keep it under 80.
Yes, ma'am.
Tell your husband thank you
for what he does.
Wait.
Why did you say that?
Why would you thank him?
I put the food on my table, too,
but I don't grow it.
This is cattle country, ma'am.
We know what it takes to put a
steak on the plate around here.
♪ low, gentle music ♪
This looks exactly like
where we were.
I told you, you just
wander around in circles
till you curl up and die.
Is that what we just did?
Guys.
I don't see any holes.
Crazy woman.
You get that dex and Banamine?
Yeah, I got them both
right here.
Good.
Here's one.
And there's two.
How long you think
he's gonna be down?
I'd say a couple weeks,
at least.
I'm gonna call Lloyd, gonna
have him send some horses down.
- We only have one spare left.
- No, no.
We can't afford to haul.
I'll borrow one here.
Maybe we can help out
with two-year-olds and train.
Who is that?
I don't know,
maybe the oil company.
Well, they're not scared
of driving fast,
I'll tell you that much.
You got to be
fucking kidding me.
Jesus Christ, Beth.
Hi.
Oof, baby.
You need a bath.
How the hell
did you find me here?
Uh, put a tag in your wallet.
- You did what?
- AirTag.
It's a GPS tracker.
Just, uh, you know,
if you wandered off
with some cowgirl,
I could find you,
kill her, and then castrate you.
I can't help it, I'm a romantic.
Honey, I promise you,
this is not a place for you.
This isn't camp by a stream.
This is suffer and survive.
- Mm-hmm.
- You will hate it here.
Well, that's why I got us
a hotel in Amarillo.
Honey, I cannot leave the boys
and go sit
in an air-conditioned
hotel room.
Suite, baby. We got a suite.
Okay, well, do you understand
how this makes me look?
I can't be held up in town
while the boys are doing work.
One night.
Maybe two.
Hi.
So, um, I'm kidnapping him
for a couple of nights.
In exchange, next weekend,
I'm gonna fly out
boyfriends, girlfriends.
Same hotel, same room.
Drinks will be on me.
We have a deal?
- Yeah, you got a deal.
- Fuck yeah.
Where's this deal been
all my life?
Uh, we don't have girlfriends.
Well, I'll get you two hookers.
I mean, is it immoral
if somebody else pays for it?
Well, thank you for the offer,
but I'm just gonna stay here
and watch over camp.
Okey dokey,
so just one hooker for Jake.
I mean, if it's not
too much trouble.
There'll be no damn hookers.
You know,
a deal is a deal, baby.
Go pack your suitcase, cowboy.
I'm not leaving them here alone.
Don't think you got
a choice, boss.
All we're doing is
walking through pairs, boss.
If we can't do that
without no supervision,
then we probably ought
to find something else
- to do anyway.
- Yeah.
You're out of your mind.
You're wagon boss
till I get back.
Why the hell is he wagon boss?
Oh, I don't know, Jake.
Been with the ranch the longest.
I was hired before him.
Well, after you,
he's been here the longest.
Well, that makes me wagon boss.
Honey, they don't make idiots
no wagon boss.
Can you still say "idiot"?
You can say "idiot,"
but you can't say "retard."
- Hey, ain't that the same thing?
- Mm-mm.
A retard's got a disability.
An idiot's just fucking stupid.
Yeah, there's no
medical reason why Jake
is as stupid as he is, just...
Bad breeding.
Inbreeding.
Whatever.
There's a fucking snake.
Fuck! Fuck.
- How's that for fucking stupid?
- Shit...
- Shit's not funny.
- Huh?
- It's pretty funny.
- Carry me back.
- Ass.
- Yeah, yeah.
Well, let's go.
♪ gentle, folky song ♪
♪ Well, life ain't
worth a damn ♪
♪ If you let it ♪
♪ Beat you down so bad
you don't forget it ♪
♪ It's a dark and dreary place
at times ♪
♪ You need a space
to rest a while ♪
♪ Deep inside my heart ♪
♪ Home steady ♪
♪ Look out from my front porch ♪
♪ O'er the pasture ♪
♪ Nothing looks the same
as it did last year... ♪
How we doing on the cabinets?
They're done.
Need help sanding the floors?
Floor's sanded.
Looks like
you're losing the race.
Well, I didn't know
it was a race.
Everything's a race.
♪ Drift like tumbleweeds... ♪
Hey.
Take your loss like a man.
Get a room.
♪ Western stars... ♪
Why don't you go finish our room
so we have one?
♪ Feel safer than where
any road will get me ♪
♪ Lord, let me live a life ♪
♪ That's home steady ♪
Looks really good, buddy.
And just like that,
a house is a home.
It's our first,
if you think about it.
Always lived with somebody
or rented from somebody, but...
this one's ours.
Sure is, baby.
Don't start making out.
We got to stain the porch.
We can stain the porch tomorrow.
Oh, my God. What did I say?
You hungry?
You want me to order something?
There's a speakeasy downstairs.
- A speakeasy?
- Mm-hmm.
- Front desk told me.
- Hmm.
Got to pull
the Pall Mall dispenser
on the cigarette machine.
All right.
You know, this is the first time
that we have been outside
of Montana together.
♪ gentle music ♪
It's the first time
I've been out of Montana ever.
Ever?
Mm-hmm.
What, not even to the beach?
No beach, baby. No.
Imagine all the things
that we could do
if we weren't shackled
to that ranch.
I chose to be shackled
to the ranch.
I ain't interested in traveling.
You interested in dancing?
Howdy.
"Howdy," he says.
Well, howdy back.
All the cocktails,
true to their era,
were, uh, served
a hundred years ago,
and the recipes haven't changed.
I recommend an old fashioned
if you like bourbon,
and the bee's knees if you want
something a little more lively.
All right, maybe bring him
an old fashioned...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...and, uh, I'll have
the bee's knees, but no lemon,
no honey, three olives.
So, a martini?
No. Martini has vermouth.
I don't want vermouth
anywhere near it.
Okay. Double shot of vodka.
- Tito's.
- Uh, we don't have Tito's.
This is all we carry.
Oh. They have their own vodka?
Mm, yeah, they have
their own everything, ma'am.
Man, we are ranching
in the wrong state.
All right, I'll have
one of those with soda.
- Thanks.
- Sixes and soda. Yes, ma'am.
Look around you.
What do you see?
Well, I see people.
Okay, what don't you see?
Tourists.
Not one tourist.
There's tourists here, honey.
We're in a hotel.
Excuse me, sir?
Are you from around here?
No, ma'am. I'm from San Angelo.
Mm-hmm. You up here on vacation?
I'm a cattle buyer, ma'am.
A lot of cattle to buy
around here?
There's around two million
of them here right now.
So, yes, ma'am.
You're sitting in the cattle
capital of the world.
Your cowboy should know that.
See? No tourists.
Mm.
Wow. That is a fucking drink.
Yeah, I made a judgment call.
I went heavy on the vodka.
You're a smart man.
What?
What do you got cooking
in that big brain of yours?
I'm just thinking.
Honey, you're never
just thinking.
Yeah, I don't know yet.
Let's dance.
Honey, I don't see
a dance floor.
Well, we'll make our own.
Okay.
♪ The more you roam ♪
♪ You'll long for home ♪
♪ With every passing mile ♪
♪ I guess that's how
it's always been ♪
♪ Or at least for a long while ♪
♪ I guess that's how
it's always been ♪
♪ Or at least for a long while ♪
♪ slow, pensive music ♪
He looks angry.
This son of a bitch
was born angry.
I'd tell you to sell him, but...
he might kill
whoever we sell him to.
Well, then he's got
no business being a stud.
Get the vet to come
down here and cut him.
He's gonna try
and eat the fence, Lloyd.
If I don't tie him up,
he'll try and eat me.
What the hell, Rip?
I know.
Don't believe that bullshit
in the newspapers.
Someone caught up to him.
Yeah, it seems that way.
So, we getting in this fight?
Well, if we can figure out
who to fight
and how to fight 'em.
Let me tell you something,
going to prison
for the rest of our lives
doesn't solve anything.
Yeah.
So I guess Kayce's running
everything now.
I don't know. I don't know
what's gonna happen.
Well, should we be
looking for a job?
It can't hurt to see
who's hiring.
I've spent my whole life here.
Me, too.
Where's the boy at?
He's in the bunkhouse.
And he ain't taking it so good.
All right.
♪ melancholy music ♪
Fuck.
I forgot all about you.
I don't know what to do.
Well, whatever you do,
you can't do it here.
You look like you're
dressed for court.
Something like that.
I can't leave.
I'm still on house arrest.
Summer...
you know there is
no such thing as clemency
with an asterisk, right?
He told you house arrest
so you would stay with him,
and you were
dimwitted enough to do it.
You never bothered
to speak to an attorney.
Never bothered to...
look at your own
release document.
The one stamped "released."
Wh-Why wouldn't he tell me that?
Well,
in the immortal words
of Gus McCrae,
"If a man isn't willing
to cheat for a poke,
he doesn't want one bad enough."
- That's my guess, anyway.
- So I'm free to go?
You have been
free to go, Summer.
And I really wish
that you would.
No offense. It's been a hoot.
But it is time to get the fuck
out of my house.
I don't have--
A car? It's not a problem.
We got cowboys and trucks
all over the place.
I'm gonna drive you
down to the barn,
and you're gonna ask
someone there for a ride.
That's the wrong direction.
I'm just getting my stuff.
I'll be in the car.
♪ tense music ♪
Your dad once said to me--
I am not discussing
my father with you.
- I know you're hurting, but--
- There is no "but."
You were right the first time,
and I am not
discussing him with you.
Okay, bye.
I wish you the best. I do.
And please, will you stop
throwing paint
on people's clothes?
What do you think the woman
wearing the mink coat does
when you dump
a ton of paint on it?
Huh?
She buys another mink coat,
you entitled dipshit.
I'm gonna be the bigger person.
Well, yay for you.
I admired your father.
He taught me
a lot about this place
and a lot about myself,
and I'm a better person
for having known him.
Well, that's not
saying much, is it?
I hope you donated
your body to science
so doctors can study
how big a bitch you are.
Well, I didn't.
Close the fucking door.
Whatever you do,
don't get in a wreck!
Hey.
Carter.
My whole life...
everyone I depend on quits me.
Don't believe what you see
in the news.
And nobody quit you.
♪ gentle, wistful music ♪
No matter what happens,
you always have a place here.
You understand me?
You got a home.
Now, I don't care
how long you lay here,
it ain't gonna make you
feel any better.
And nowhere in
the job description does it say
that you can take a day off
'cause you're feeling down.
So come on.
Cowboy up.
We got work to do.
I wanted to be just like him.
Yeah?
I've seen plenty try.
If you do it...
well, you'd be the first.
Come on.
I need a ride.
Yeah? Where?
Airport, I guess.
All right. Come on.
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
Oh, baby.
I'm so sorry, baby.
Where's Tate now?
He knows what the news said.
I'm gonna have to stay
at the lodge for a while.
There's a lot to go through.
You want me to pack you a bag?
Please.
You want me to pack one as well?
Very much.
Let's take a walk, son.
We're just gonna keep walking?
Or are we gonna talk, too?
You know, I never asked you
what you wanted to be
when you grow up.
I didn't because...
hell, I don't even know, myself.
I don't have ambition like Beth.
I don't feel the duty
that drove my father.
I've never had a job
that made me feel whole.
Only your mother does that,
and you.
You do that.
So I'm asking you now.
I guess I never really
thought about it, either.
I mean, I figured
I'd be working the ranch.
I also thought about being
a fly-fishing guide,
but that's not much of a career.
Well, it is
if it's what you love.
I thought we were gonna talk
about Grandpa.
Well, we are.
We're talking about his legacy.
And if that's something
that you feel compelled
to continue, then I'll...
find a way to make sure
that happens.
Is that your job now?
Only if it's your job next.
If that's something
that you want.
I mean, I always wanted
to work the ranch,
but I'm not sure
about running it.
Running it's what
got him killed.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
Can we just run this?
Maybe.
Is that all we're gonna say
about Grandpa?
Is there something
you want to say?
I just don't understand why.
There's a lot
you don't know, son,
and there's a lot
that I can't tell you yet.
Just know this:
You can remember
the way he lived,
or you can remember
the way he died.
Your heart can't focus on both.
You're gonna have to choose
to miss him
or to be mad at him.
I'll miss him, then.
Yeah. Me, too, buddy.
Jamie. I was very sorry to hear.
He was a hell of a man.
Not making any more like him.
No, they aren't.
Thank you, John.
Are you okay?
I'm getting through. Thank you.
I can cancel your day
if you'd like.
I'd rather hide in my day,
if you know what I mean.
I do.
You have market equities
in five minutes,
the lieutenant governor
in his office at 11,
and you address the assembly
this afternoon at 3 p.m.
All right.
Thank you.
And your sister is waiting.
Inside?
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
It didn't feel right
to make her wait in the lobby,
under the circumstances.
You're gonna want to close that.
No, I...
I don't think I will.
No.
Look at me.
Why can't you look at me, Jamie?
We both know why, don't we?
Last chance, Jamie.
Okay.
♪ dark, somber music ♪
Next time is the last time.
Seeing me will be the last thing
you ever do alive.
I swear to God, Jamie...
...I will be the last thing
on this planet
your rotten fucking eyes
will ever see.
And I will be smiling.
Pardon us.
No, I don't think I will.
♪ dark, suspenseful music ♪
Oh, this is gonna be fun.
It's been pretty fun so far.
Call Capitol Police.
Don't call anyone, Kate.
♪ quiet, tense music ♪
I knew it. I fucking knew it.
I'm on my way back.
I took the liberty
of looking myself.
It was him.
He didn't even deny it.
He just stared
at the fucking floor.
He couldn't even muster up
a fucking lie.
He wouldn't look me
in the eye, Kayce.
Let me rephrase that.
He couldn't.
Well, he didn't do it alone.
You know who could
look me in the eye?
That fucking viper
who lays in his bed every night.
I'm gonna make some phone calls.
I'll see you at the ranch.
Frog Man. Long time.
What's shaking, man?
How y'all talking
black work these days?
You got a problem?
Yeah.
I'm gonna text you an app
to download.
Transfer your contacts
and call me from it.
You stay here.
You okay?
Yeah, I just have to download
something for work.
Kayce, you're bleeding.
I'm okay.
No, you're not.
I'll see you at the ranch, baby.
What's wrong?
When your father gets quiet,
that's when you talk to him.
When he's alone, that's when
you force him to be with you.
We can't let this
take him from us, Tate.
What's going on, brother?
- You hear about my father?
- No. I just got back
in the country last night.
What happened?
They said it was suicide.
Damn.
I'm sorry.
Ain't what it was.
You know who's doing
that kind of work these days?
What, stateside?
Man, I don't know.
I mean, EMRS out of Houston
does some really dirty shit.
You know,
corporate espionage, intel,
evidence planting, asset
infiltration and agitation.
Now there's a bunch
of ex-company guys,
you know, but they, uh,
they haven't
armed the contracts.
A bunch of them in Ukraine.
You know, I don't think they'd
do something that high-profile.
I mean, that's a $40, $50
million dollar hit right there.
You got any names?
Any company guys
we used to roll with?
Let me make some calls.
All right, but listen, brother.
You be real careful
sniffing around these fuckers.
- And I mean real careful.
- Appreciate it, man.
You hang in there.
I'll get back to you.
I am very sorry
for your loss, Jamie.
Thank you.
And, while tragic, it...
it does present
new opportunities for us,
depending on how the estate
decides to operate the ranch.
The estate cannot
afford the ranch.
Best thing for the ranch--
if it's put to a use
that benefits the community
and your plans accomplish that.
I'll be seeing
the lieutenant governor
to reinstate the lease,
which Governor Dutton
had no authority to negate,
as your lawsuit states.
Since the lease
predated the ranch
being placed in a land trust,
my office will begin proceedings
to negate
the land trustee restrictions.
Do you have a timeline?
I need to subpoena
John Dutton's will.
I'm certain that it was changed
since I drafted it.
And will the estate contest it?
I'm sure.
How long can they
afford to fight? Not long.
But Beth is resourceful,
if nothing else,
and she will think
of something we haven't
to complicate this
to some degree.
Cautiously, I would say a year
to return to construction.
I don't think they can afford
to fight much longer than that.
And how long
to reinstate the lease?
Well, I can have
the lease reinstated
by the end of the week.
You can continue
the planning phase
of operations immediately.
Well, that is fantastic news.
Thank you.
The state of Montana
looks forward
to a long relationship
with your company, Ellis.
Uh, will there be
a special election
for the governor's office?
There will.
We would be
very supportive of you,
should you choose to run, Jamie.
Thank you. That's the plan.
I'll catch up.
The attorney general and I have
some specifics to mull over.
- I'll meet you at the office.
- Mm-hmm.
She knows.
She believes.
If he'd fallen off a building
or drowned in a river,
she'd still think
that you did it.
If he had cancer, she'd find
a way to blame it on you.
No.
You've won, Jamie.
The kingdom is yours.
And kings don't wallow.
Kings feast on the bounty
of their conquests.
So, feast.
I don't even know why
I'm crying.
You know, in two generations,
your job won't even exist.
You know that?
Summer, you know who,
uh, John Deere is?
- Tractors.
- Mm-hmm.
A hundred and fifty years ago,
they made wagons,
and they were
smart enough to know
when the engine was invented
that the horse was done
pulling people around.
So were they.
So they started making tractors.
Still do.
They rolled with the changes.
I guess we're just gonna
have to do the same, too.
It's a shame.
Watching you work--
I'll miss seeing it.
Yeah, well, I'll miss
doing it someday, too.
♪ gentle, hopeful music ♪
Y'all ready?
Yes, sir.
Let's go to work.
♪ dramatic music ♪